Interactive SVG Drawing Tool with Mouse Event Handlers

This code creates a basic drawing tool that lets you draw on an SVG canvas using your mouse. 
It's a great example of how HTML, CSS, and JavaScript work together to create an interactive web 
application.

HTML:
<h2>SVG Drawing Tool</h2>: A simple heading for the application.
<svg id="drawingArea">: This is the core of the tool. The <svg> (Scalable Vector Graphics)
tag creates a special area where you can draw shapes, lines, and paths. The id attribute is 
used by the JavaScript to find this specific area.

CSS:
The .container class styles a box around the drawing tool.
The svg tag is styled to have a specific width and height, a border, and a light gray background.
It also changes the cursor to a crosshair to indicate that it's a drawing area.

JavaScript:
Setting Up the Tool:
const svg = document.getElementById("drawingArea"); gets a reference to the SVG element.
let drawing = false; is a flag that tells the code whether the user is currently holding down 
the mouse button.
let path; is a variable that will hold the path we are currently drawing.

mousedown event: When you press the mouse button down on the SVG area, this event fires.
drawing is set to true, indicating that a new drawing session has begun.
It creates a new <path> element, which is the line you'll be drawing.
It sets the stroke (line color) to "blue," the stroke-width to "2," and the fill to "none" 
so the line isn't a solid shape.
It sets the d attribute of the path with M${x} ${y}, which stands for "Move To." This starts 
the path at the exact coordinates where you clicked.
The newly created path element is then added to the svg element, making it visible on the canvas.
mousemove event: This event fires continuously as you move the mouse while holding the button down.
if (!drawing) return; is a check to ensure the code only runs if the mouse is currently held down.
It gets the current coordinates (e.offsetX, e.offsetY).
It appends these new coordinates to the d attribute of the path using L (for "Line To"), which draws 
a continuous line from the previous point to the new one.

mouseup and mouseleave events:
When you release the mouse button (mouseup) or move the cursor outside the drawing area (mouseleave), 
the drawing flag is set to false. This stops the mousemove event from adding new points, ending the 
current drawing session.